.. title: The Team
.. slug: the-team
.. date: 2015-09-06 15:36:59 UTC-03:00
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text
.. preview: manuel-kaufmann.png

.. raw:: html

   <div class="row" style="margin-top: 50px;">
       <div class="col-md-4">
	 <p style="text-align: center"><img src="manuel-kaufmann.png"/></p>
	 <h2 style="text-align: center">Manuel Kaufmann</h2>
	 <p style="text-align: center">

Restless and fussy driver with routes, GPS and maps. Computers
programmer and member of the `Python Argentina
<http://python.org.ar/>`_ community since 2006. Juggler and half
unicyclist. Frustrated teacher and in active recovery. He is
"humitos".


.. raw:: html

	 </p>
       </div>

       <div class="col-md-4">
	 <p style="text-align: center"><img src="el-errante.png"/></p>
	 <h2 style="text-align: center">El Errante</h2>
	 <p style="text-align: center">

It's the star of the project. From the beginning, it has given a seat
for mounting a 1-place-bed on it. It has driven more than 30,000 km on
the road, rain, mud, mountains and has withstood the most critical
situations of the trip. However, it never let us to walk.

.. raw:: html

	 </p>
       </div>

       <div class="col-md-4">
	 <p style="text-align: center"><img src="johanna-sanchez.png"/></p>
	 <h2 style="text-align: center">Johanna Sanchez</h2>
	 <p style="text-align: center">

Invaluable co-pilot. Passionate chemistry and restless. Apprentice of
programming and scientific in transition. Fall in love with Python
Argentina community. Motivating outdated scientists and children in
neuronal reproduction age through the `Chemistry & Nomad
<http://quimicanomada.wordpress.com/>`_ project.

.. raw:: html

	 </p>
       </div>
   </div>

   <br/>

.. class:: align-center width-70 lead

   Although we are physically separated, we are one: "The team"


----

"The real Team"
---------------


During these years we have been visiting a lot of cities in some
countries of Latin America and organizing events related with Ptyhon
and the *Software Libre* community. While we are who traveled from one
city to another one, these are the people who have helped us to manage
*all of the events* we have realized and none of this would make sense
if we had not come across them in the cities we visited. Because of
this we want to thank them in public and let them know that are part
of "The Team" of Argentina en Python.

Besides, we know these people are actively searching new challenges
with a lot of energy to participate in community and keep moving the
wheel of collaborative learning.


.. include:: stories/el-verdadero-equipo.rst
